Getting your Scores
Remove Product?
Cancel
Yes
Are you sure?
If you leave the process before checking out, your order will be lost.
Take me out
Continue Shopping
Getting Your Praxis Scores The date you receive your score depends on which test you take.
When will I know my official Praxis scores? Your official score report will be posted in your Praxis account  (in the Score Reports page) on the score reporting date. This date varies based on test type and delivery method (At home vs Test Center). If you take an Elementary Education Fundamentals (8002-8005) full test or individual Step between September 1-5, 2026, your score report will be available in your Praxis account after 5 p.m. ET on September 11, 2026 . If you take the test or Step after September 6, 2026, your score report will be available within 7 calendar days after your test date. You can check score reporting dates based on the test you are taking and the day you are testing using the score reporting calendar tool below.
Test Location
At Home
At Center
Test
Select Date
Get Your Score
Result
Note
Praxis reports scores on Tuesdays and Fridays. If a holiday falls on a Tuesday or Friday scores will be reported on the following Tuesday or Friday, respectively.
Your Unofficial Score Report Praxis tests that include only selected-response questions  will offer you an opportunity to  view unofficial scores at the end of your testing session. If an unofficial score is  not provided  for your selected-response test, it means that  further analysis must be conducted before scoring can be completed . This  does NOT indicate any problem  with the administration of your test and will  NOT result in any delay  of the reporting of your official score. Tests that include constructed-response questions will not provide an unofficial score  because of the time needed for your responses to be rated.  Test centers cannot provide printed or emailed copies of unoffical scores. At the end of the test session, but before reviewing the unofficial score information, the computer will give you the option to  report  or  cancel your score . If you choose to  report the score , it  cannot be canceled . If you choose to  cancel your score , it  will not be reported  and it  cannot be reinstated  on your record. You also  will not receive a refund  if you choose to cancel your score.
Where to Find the Estimated Score Reporting Date During Registration: On the scheduling screen after selecting your test date. In Your Account: On the Score Reports Page > Find your pending score reports card.
Important
Cancelled or held tests won’t show up in the Pending Scores section.
How to access your scores Your official score report awaits - here’s how you’ll receive it: Praxis Account: Your official score report will be posted in your Praxis account  (in the Score Reports Page) on the score reporting date. An email will notify you when it’s available. Institutions and Agencies: Your scores will also be  sent to the institutions or agencies  you selected during registration (up to four choices at no extra cost). They’ll receive the score information. State Reporting: If you tested in an automatic score reporting state, your scores will be sent automatically to the state. Online Scores: For scores reported on or after  July 21, 2017 , you can download them from your account. These scores remain accessible for  ten years  from the reporting date. We recommend that you save a copy for future reference. Official Score Report (Pre-2017): To obtain an official score report for scores reported within the last ten years but before July 21, 2017 , order an additional score report. Review the details in the  Sending Your Scores  section.
Find tests required by your state
View state requirements